feat(repo): `nx wing` (#1206)
winglang/wing: docs/06-contributors/workflows.md

---
title: Development Workflows
id: workflows
keywords: [Wing contributors, contributors, workflows]
---

> This topic includes a description of common development workflows for thw Wing project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic includes a description of common development workflows for the Wing project.
```

## Environment Setup

Here is a list of minimal tools you should install to build the Wing repo in your development
environment:

> * [Node.js] version 18.x or above (we recommend [volta])

Reviewer: While you're moving this, could you add a note that we require npm v8 (not v9) to build as well?

Author: Is there an issue that tracks this issue? (so I can reference, and also understand why we are limited to v8)

Reviewer: closest is https://github.com/winglang/wing/issues/1103

It has come up only in slack before otherwise

Author: Thanks!

* [Rust]
* [AWS CLI] (only needed for integration tests - make sure to do the setup part to create
  credentials)
* [Terraform CLI] (only needed for integration tests)

Installation:

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:winglang/wing.git
$ cd wing
$ npm install
```

This is required once:

```sh
sudo ./scripts/setup_wasi.sh
```

[Nx]: https://nx.dev/
[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/
[Rust]: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
[AWS CLI]: https://aws.amazon.com/cli/
[Terraform CLI]: https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install.html
[volta]: https://volta.sh

## Development iteration

> The `nx wing` command can be executed from anywhere in the repository in order to build and run the
> compiler, SDK and the Wing CLI. Nx is configured to make sure only the changed components are built
> every time.

Reviewer: nx runs the commands of the project you're currently it. It's expected that your current directory is the one you're currently concerned with.
```suggestion
The `nx wing` command can be executed from the root of the repository in order to build and run the
compiler, SDK and the Wing CLI. Nx is configured to make sure only the changed components are built
every time.
```

---

Alternatively:

```suggestion
The `nx wing winglang` command can be executed from anywhere in the repository in order to build and run the
compiler, SDK and the Wing CLI. Nx is configured to make sure only the changed components are built
every time.
```

nx [target] [project] can be run anywhere. Changing it back to `nx dev winglang` wouldn't look too bad.
